In this video we're gonna talk about configuring spring rest stocks to document a path parameter and
our ideal use case here is our actually our first test case here that get nearby I.D..
This has a path parameter in it so it's going to be taking the api v1 beer and then it's going to pass
into you it and this is a path parameter.
So we want to get that documented using this now one very very important thing that we need to do is
we need to change the import.
So we have these static imports for the mock MVC request builder so this get action.
So we're doing this get action.
This is a static import that's coming from this import.
And if you use the straight Mark MVC builders it's not going to work and it will cause you a lot of
headaches.
So you need to bring in this static import and comment this one out.
So this is a real real easy mistake to make.
And if you forget to do it you will cause errors.
And I am almost certain a lot of people are going to be posting on this lesson saying hey this isn't
working because of this.
So you really need to do this.
That's why I'm stressing this out a lot because it's a very easy thing to miss.
And it will trip you up if you do not do that.
So by changing out the static import this is now a different static import that's being brought in for
this good operation.
So now we can go ahead and start doing our our test scroll it's up a little bit.
Now what we want to do is come in here and after this and expect we're going to say and do so it's going
to do a to action and we're going to say document and that is gonna be another static import to bring
in.
So we're going to import static method and of course we want the mock MVC Russ documentation static
import.
And here we go to give a little configuration so I'm going to follow the V one slash beer as the end
point.
Now what we can do is we can start passing in our documentation configuration so what we want to say
is path parameters.
And finally if you type everything out and give it the prunes it helps ontology find it.
So we're gonna bring in that static import.
Now what we need to do is pass passes and some configuration so we're going to parameter with name like
so.
And here what we want to do is say beer I.D. and then we're gonna give a description.
So these are snippets that are going to be generating the documentation for us so I'm gonna say you
had a desired beer to get and right now this is going to fail.
So I'm going to go ahead and run this test and I'm gonna show you the failure and then explain why.
Because we do have to modify the test a little bit for this because we we do have a valid test in the
context of Spring MVC per say but you can see that the beer idea was not found so we need to modify
our test.
And this this actually.
So you're a builder so let's come in and modify that.
So we're gonna see a beer I.D. like so and then this.
We're not spending anymore but we are going to go ahead and pass that as a parameter.
So this is you can see here it's taking a your template and then object variable so it until you're
showing us a little pop up.
So if we had more than one path variable we could add additional objects to the method parameter.
But here we only have the one so what's going to happen underneath the covers is now this parameter
is gonna get bound with this value then pass to spring MBC.
So very important distinction we were already doing it but here this is going to tell rest docs about
that path parameter because it Rostock isn't really looking at a spring every seat per that is hooked
into the mock MVC implementation so that's why we need to go through and do the step.
So now if we go ahead and run this we will see that their test is now passing in the documentation is
getting generated.
So we do have a passing test now and I also want to demonstrate here if we are trying to run it with
we try to run it with the mark and we see request boulders comment out the rest documentation or requests
boulders and we'll rerun that test and if you do run this way and you forget that static import you're
going to see basically a not null blowing up here.
So it's a bad bet error so you might see it manifest that way.
I've seen it manifest a couple different ways so it may not always be like this but the key point is
to remember that you need the proper static imports so otherwise other things will not work.
So get rid of the Standard Model MVC request builders and bring in the rust documentation request builder.
So that is a very important step.
Do not forget to do that.
I know somebody is going to forget and and ask about that in the course form so but with that changed
if we rerun this again we will see that our tests are back in the green so just to recap what we did
here is we changed those static imports very important and then we added in and do document and then
we said the path.
So this is identifier for the API endpoint then we said the path parameters and we are taking this path
parameter beer IP which is going to match this beer I.D..
So we had to modify the test to take that in and then we are passing into a description.
So this description will appear in our generated documentation for the point.